my_replicator_field:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>At Cambridge-Ellis School, we believe it takes a village to educate a young child. In this spirit, we have formed partnerships with a number of local universities, community organizations, child specialists and artists to create a robust network for providing the most innovative, well-rounded education to our children. Our partnerships and alliances include artists, researchers, educators, musicians, chefs, dancers, arborists, and more.</p><h3>Student Teachers<br></h3><ul><li>Cambridge-Ellis is a teaching school in the truest sense and we mentor a number of student teachers every year from universities including Wheelock College, Lesley University,&nbsp;Tufts University,&nbsp;and the University of Massachusetts.</li></ul><h3>Internships</h3><ul><li>In 2013 we formed a partnership with the Early Childhood Program at the Cambridge, Rindge and Latin School. We visit their classroom for activities and host their student teachers for observations and internships at CES.</li><li>In 2014, we began hosting student interns from the Cambridge Community Charter School. Student Interns from CCCS are seniors in High School and complete 100 hours during their internship. Completing an internship in a community organization is a requirement for graduation.</li><li>In 2015 we began to welcome students from the Boston Arts Academy to volunteer during their community day. Students performed for CES children and offered an instrument petting zoo.</li></ul><h3>Volunteers</h3><ul><li>Cambridge-Ellis School welcomes volunteers as long as they meet our volunteer guidelines and requirements. Volunteers will be assigned to a specific classroom and receive regular supervision.</li></ul><h3>Specialists and Special Support Services</h3><ul><li>We work collaboratively with a number of different agencies, both public and private, as well as renowned experts in areas of child development, including a child development specialist, speech and language pathologist, and child psychologist. Our teaching faculty receives ongoing training and consultation by experts in the field.</li><li>We welcome independent specialists and therapists from organizations such as Cambridge-Somerville Early Intervention or Special Start into our classrooms to provide special support services to children during school hours.</li></ul><h3>Artisan Program</h3><ul><li>Through the Ann Murphy Artisan Program, we host artists in residence every year. Recent themes included dance, textile, and healthy cooking. For each of the themes we invite artists, musicians, specialists such as bee keepers, chefs, dancers or story tellers to work directly with our children and introduce their art.</li></ul><h3>Taiwan Exchange</h3><p>The Cambridge-Ellis School takes part in a unique international cultural exchange program with a school in Taiwan, St. James Preschool.</p><p>Each year, we host one teacher from St. James Preschool, who teaches in our Mandarin Program at CES. We send two of our own teachers to Taiwan each summer to teach in the St. James summer English program.</p><p>This cultural exchange is highly valuable and enriching to both our teaching communities and fosters understanding and cross-cultural relationships.</p>'
template: generic-page
title: Partnerships
fieldset: generic_page
id: f7ba8906-4c1b-431b-997a-f86c274a0b67
