title: Admissions
overview: '<p>Write overview for here</p>'
online_application: '<p><em><strong>Thank you for your interest in&nbsp;the Cambridge-Ellis School! Although we are currently closed and responsibly following social distancing orders, we are still looking forward to reopening our doors in the Fall of 2020.&nbsp;</strong></em></p><p>We are currently enrolling for spots in our&nbsp;<strong>Lower Preschool (ages 2 years 9 months- 3 years 6 months)</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong>Upper Preschool (ages 3 years 7 months- 5 years 3 months)</strong>. If you are interested in applying, please follow the instructions below:</p><ol><li>Create an account on our&nbsp;<a href="https://cambridge-ellis.myschoolapp.com/app#login/apply">Online Platform</a>; our Admissions Director will reach out to schedule a Virtual Tour Experience as soon as your account is created.</li><li>Complete and submit your application if you would like to move forward with enrolling for Fall 2020.</li><li>Submit the $55 application fee via the following link:&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://bngn.smarttuition.com/?id=deb2hsvtzsc" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"></a></li></ol><p><strong><em>Please reach out to our Admissions Director at</em>&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Chad@Cambridge-Ellis.org">Chad@Cambridge-Ellis.org</a>&nbsp;<em>if you have any questions.&nbsp;Stay safe and healthy!</em></strong></p><hr><p><em>CES works collaboratively with a number of different agencies, public and private, as well as renowned experts in areas of child development, including a child development specialist, speech and language pathologist, and child psychologist. Our teaching faculty receives ongoing training and consultation by experts in the field. We welcome specialists and therapists into our classrooms to provide special support services to children during school hours.</em></p><p><em><strong>Please indicate any IEP, IFSP, and/or special support services for your child in the appropriate field(s) on your application.</strong></em></p>'
financial_aid: '<p>Cambridge-Ellis School has a history of helping families make an independent preschool education possible for their children. We are committed to providing scholarships to low and middle-income families to increase access to our programs. We currently dedicate approximately 8% of our tuition revenue towards scholarships, and aim to reach 10% by the end of our strategic financial plan year, 2020.</p><p>Fundamentally, financial aid enriches the experience of every member of the Cambridge-Ellis community by bringing together families from many backgrounds and experiences.&nbsp;We believe education and lifelong friendships forged at the school should be accessible to students of all economic backgrounds.</p><p><em>Scholarships are available for families who qualify for financial aid. Please visit&nbsp;<a href="http://sssbynais.org/parents" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">http://sssbynais.org/parents</a>&nbsp;to apply.</em></p>'
timeline: '<p>Cambridge-Ellis School seeks a balance in age and gender in each of our classrooms and strives to build a community rich in diversity.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Important&nbsp;Dates for Families Applying&nbsp;to Cambridge-Ellis:</strong></p><p><strong>October 1</strong><br>Application Process Begins: Beginning October 1,&nbsp;our online application will be posted and available for prospective families to complete. Additionally, we will begin scheduling tours for prospective families.&nbsp;To schedule a tour, contact us at info@cambridge-ellis.org or by calling 617-354-0014.</p><p><strong>First Saturday in November</strong><br>Open House for Parents applying&nbsp;to CES</p><p><strong>January 8</strong><br>Re-enrollment requests &amp; applications for siblings of current/alumni families are due</p><p><strong>January&nbsp;31</strong><br>New family applications&nbsp;due</p><p><strong>February 8</strong><br>Financial aid applications and documents due</p><p><strong>February 28</strong><br>Re-enrollment/Sibling contracts due</p><p><strong>March 23, 2020</strong><br>New family contracts due</p><p><strong>May 22, 2020</strong><br>Visiting day for all 2020-2021 children</p><p><strong>Parent Tours:</strong><br>Tours are available from&nbsp;October 1 to January 31, annually. During your visit, you will be able to tour the school, observe classrooms and teacher/child interactions, and meet with the associate directors or director.&nbsp;<strong>Tours are for&nbsp;parents/guardians only</strong>—we look forward to meeting admitted children at a special event in the spring or thereafter.&nbsp;It is not mandatory to&nbsp;apply before scheduling a tour.</p><p><strong>Enrollment Notification:</strong><br>Decision letters and contracts are sent out on March 10. A signed contract, accompanied by a deposit, ensures a child’s placement for the fall. When the number of applicants exceeds the number of spaces, wait list notifications will be sent, and families will be called from the wait list as spots become available. Current and alumni families as well as children of staff are given admission priority.</p>'
fieldset: admissions
template: admissions
id: 42305e43-a287-472d-878e-8854867dd7de
