my_replicator_field:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>Cambridge-Ellis School has a history of helping families make an independent preschool education possible for their children. We are committed to providing scholarships to low and middle-income families to increase access to our programs. We currently dedicate approximately 10% of our tuition revenue towards scholarships and aim to increase this percentage by the end of our strategic financial plan year in 2025.</p><p>Fundamentally, financial aid enriches the Cambridge-Ellis community by bringing together families from many backgrounds and experiences. We believe education and lifelong friendships forged at the school should be accessible to students of all economic backgrounds.</p><p><i>If you would like to be considered for scholarship funding, please visit&nbsp;</i><strong><a href="http://sssbynais.org/parents" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><i>http://sssbynais.org/parents</i></a></strong><i>&nbsp;to apply.</i></p>'
    text: '<h1>Cambridge-Ellis School Admissions Corner</h1><p>Welcome to our community! With health and safety as the top priorities during this trying time, we are currently operating as a virtual Admissions Office, and we are available to discuss enrollment opportunities with you online.</p><p>We are offering the options below to explore the loving warmth and joy that makes Cambridge-Ellis unique in a safe, virtual environment. The admissions application process for the 2021-2022 school year will begin on <b>October 1, 2020</b>. For current school year opportunities, please contact our&nbsp;<strong><a href="mailto:Chad@Cambridge-Ellis.org" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Enrollment Director</a></strong>&nbsp;with any questions.</p><hr><h1>Virtual Tour Options</h1><p><b>1-1 Phone Meeting with the Enrollment Director:&nbsp;</b>At your convenience, schedule a time to chat on the phone with the Enrollment Director to discuss our enrollment opportunities and your family’s needs. You can request a phone meeting by contacting our Admissions Office&nbsp;<strong><a href="mailto:Chad@Cambridge-Ellis.org" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a></strong>.</p><p><b>Virtual Tour Experience:&nbsp;</b>Engage in a Zoom conference call with the Enrollment Director to learn more about Cambridge-Ellis and enrollment opportunities. Children are welcome! To schedule a Zoom conference call, contact our Admissions Office&nbsp;<strong><a href="mailto:Chad@Cambridge-Ellis.org" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a></strong>.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p><b>Follow Our Social Media Pages:&nbsp;</b>We update our Social Media pages weekly with content that demonstrates who we are as a community. Check out our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.facebook.com/CambridgeEllisSchool/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Facebook</a>&nbsp;page to learn more about how we have been keeping the love and joy alive throughout the pandemic, and follow our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/cambridgeellis/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Instagram</a>&nbsp;page to see how our in-person programming comes to life!</p><hr><h1>Online Application</h1><p>During the school year, we enroll for the following ages:<a href="https://cambridge-ellis.myschoolapp.com/app#login/apply" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"></a></p><ul><li><strong>Toddler Room (ages 1 year 9 months- 2 years 8 months)</strong></li><li><strong>Lower Preschool (ages 2 years 9 months- 3 years 6 months)</strong></li><li><strong>Upper Preschool (ages 3 years 7 months- 5 years 3 months)</strong></li><li><strong>After School Language Programs</strong><strong>&nbsp;(ages 1 year 9 months-&nbsp;</strong><strong>6 years)&nbsp;</strong></li></ul><p>If you are interested in applying, please follow the instructions below:</p><ol><li>Create an account on our&nbsp;<strong><a href="https://cambridge-ellis.myschoolapp.com/app#login/apply" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Online Platform</a>.</strong></li><li>Complete and submit your application.</li><li>Submit the $55 application fee via the following link:&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://bngn.smarttuition.com/?id=deb2hsvtzsc" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"></a></li></ol><p><em>CES works collaboratively with a number of different agencies, public and private, as well as renowned experts in areas of child development, including a child development specialist, speech and language pathologist, and child psychologist. Our teaching faculty receives ongoing training and consultation by experts in the field. We welcome specialists and therapists into our classrooms to provide special support services to children during school hours.&nbsp;</em></p><p><em><strong>Please indicate any IEP, IFSP, and/or special support services for your child in the appropriate field(s) on your application.</strong></em></p><hr><h1>Financial Aid</h1><p>Cambridge-Ellis School has a history of helping families make an independent preschool education possible for their children. We are committed to providing scholarships to low and middle-income families to increase access to our programs. We currently dedicate approximately 10% of our tuition revenue towards scholarships and aim to increase this percentage by the end of our strategic financial plan year in 2025.</p><p>Fundamentally, financial aid enriches the Cambridge-Ellis community by bringing together families from many backgrounds and experiences. We believe education and lifelong friendships forged at the school should be accessible to students of all economic backgrounds.</p><p><i>If you would like to be considered for scholarship funding, please visit&nbsp;</i><strong><a href="http://sssbynais.org/parents" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><i>http://sssbynais.org/parents</i></a></strong><i>&nbsp;to apply.</i></p>'
actions:
  -
    type: add_action
    action_name: 'Apply Now'
    action_url: 'http://sssbynais.org/parents'
template: generic-page
title: Apply
fieldset: generic_page
id: 6ceed2d5-1091-48d9-863c-9179444b9fea
