main_image: /assets/xparent.jpg
my_replicator_field:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<h3>Parent Participation</h3><p>Parent involvement is one of the hallmarks of Cambridge-Ellis. We believe that forming collaborative partnerships with parents is crucial to building trusting relationships and improves outcomes for young children. Parents and teachers work together to nurture children and optimize each child’s experience. We communicate and partner with parents through a variety of forums and believe that the home/school connection is a critical element of a child’s early education.</p><h3>Relationship Building</h3><p>Before the school year begins teachers make home visits to each child, creating a home school connection and easing the transition into the classroom. Children receive an individual fabric pattern that is used for their own classroom pillow, as well as to label their personal belongings and projects.</p><h3>Communication</h3><p>In addition to posting curriculum plans for the week, teachers write a daily curriculum note on their classroom communication board. Toddler rooms send home daily notes with details on the child’s time at school.</p><h3>Newsletter and weekly classroom updates</h3><p>Our weekly bulletin provides news, reminders, and events directly from our administrative team. We also publish a newsletter containing classroom updates that highlight activities and show photos illustrating children’s learning at Cambridge-Ellis. Additionally, each individual classroom sends updates to their families including photos or slide shows.</p><h3>Weekly Assemblies</h3><p>We invite families to join us at our weekly assemblies. The Language Program meets on Thursdays before pick-up (at 5:40 p.m.) and the Day Program on Fridays before noon pick-up (at 11:40 a.m.) in La Sala. We sing together, recite poetry, and each of the classrooms presents a song, poem, or dance they are learning. Assemblies are a great way to build bridges from the cozy classroom communities to our larger school community.</p><h3>Parent Workshops and Lectures</h3><p>We offer parenting workshops throughout the year on topics ranging from separation and behavior management to choosing next schools or an aspect of the annual artisan theme.</p><h3>School Events</h3><p>There are a number of important&nbsp;events throughout the year for parents and families to look forward to. From informational to recreational, our events&nbsp;are always shining examples of the strong community built at CES. Events include our&nbsp;Popsicle Party, Curriculum Night, Next Schools Night, Winterfest, Friendship Breakfast, Auction, Spring Fair, Movie Nights, Parent Workshops, and more! Please see the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.cambridge-ellis.org/?page_id=371">Events page</a>&nbsp;for&nbsp;dates and details.</p><h2>Non-Discrimination Statement</h2><p>Cambridge-Ellis School does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, cultural heritage, political beliefs, marital status, or sexual orientation.</p>'
template: generic-page
title: 'Parent Community'
fieldset: generic_page
id: 16c4cf2c-2728-4e7b-94be-06846699dd7c
