my_replicator_field:
  -
    type: image
    photo: /assets/mission.jpg
    caption: 'Children engage in Meeting Time with friends.'
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>The Cambridge-Ellis School provides a warm, stimulating early-school experience in a joyful, loving environment built upon a foundation of trusting relationships with a diverse group of children and families.&nbsp;We promote the optimal development of the whole child through a creative, play-based, emergent curriculum, an emphasis on arts and outdoor play, and immersion language offerings.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h2>Our Values</h2><p>We believe that the school’s foundation is its highly trained teachers and staff, innovative curriculum, commitment to parent involvement, and dedication to a diverse community.</p><p>We support and educate a diverse local and international community of children and their families.</p><p>We value children as “experts” and use their ideas as motivation for developing curriculum.</p><p>We view each child as an individual learner, each with their own unique strengths and characteristics.</p><p>We connect to the community through artisan programs and other experiences. We believe that young children learn best in an environment that offers play-based education.</p><h2>Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion</h2><p>The Cambridge-Ellis School community intentionally and continuously fosters an environment in which children of all backgrounds, abilities, and interests can learn and thrive. We are firmly committed to anti-racist education, examining our assumptions and biases, and actively cultivating a sense of belonging. We can only achieve this if all children and adults feel affirmed and accepted for their various identities.</p><p>Learning at Cambridge-Ellis builds upon and extends these values. The educational philosophy emphasizes the importance of cooperation, creative problem-solving, and perspective-taking. Students are encouraged to make connections, approach others with empathy and curiosity, and engage across differences in a complex and increasingly- connected world.</p><p>These values animate all aspects of our program, including how we develop our curriculum, culture, and community; hire leaders, teachers, and staff; support families from various backgrounds; and engage with the parent community, including through our Board of Directors.</p><p>We acknowledge that we are a work in progress and that seeking equity is ongoing work.</p><p><b>To the Black Community</b></p><p>In the wake of the most recent injustices against the black community, we would like to take the space to provide additional recognition to our black community members and the black community members beyond Cambridge-Ellis, many of whom have been processing trauma, anger, frustration, and many other emotions over the murdering of black lives at the hands of police officers. As a community of majority non-black members, we are called to action to use our privilege and various platforms to speak out against these injustices and support black lives with activism (both symbolic and financial, if you have the means). As a community, we must do more, first in recognizing that our black staff, faculty, and families are all grappling with these injustices in ways that our non-black communities will not fully understand; that in the face of this, they have all shown up for their jobs, partners, children, etc. while carrying unnamed burdens. We are eternally grateful for our black community for showing up and being present throughout the school year in the face of the traumatic murders of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery, Tony McDade, and countless (too many) more.&nbsp;</p><p>To better support our black community and the black community beyond Cambridge-Ellis, we can follow concrete steps:&nbsp;</p><ol><li>Protest. Say their Names: George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery, Tony McDade.</li><li>Talk to your children about what is going on: For ideas on starting the conversation, visit&nbsp;<a href="http://www.raceconscious.org/workshops-and-consultations/">Race Conscious</a>, an organization dedicated to raising race conscious children. Watch Embrace Race’s&nbsp;<a href="https://www.embracerace.org/resources/how-do-i-make-sure-im-not-raising-the-next-amy-cooper">webinar</a>&nbsp;for ideas on discussing racism with young children.&nbsp;</li><li><a href="https://blacklivesmatter.com/">Donate</a>. Every dollar counts.</li><li><a href="https://embracingequity.org/blog/2020/5/31/our-liberation-is-bound-togethernbsp">Educate yourself</a>&nbsp;on what you can do as a non-black person to better support the black community.&nbsp;</li></ol><p>We must stand in solidarity with the black community and following actionable steps like those above will help support the black community through the dismantling of white supremacy. As a school community, we are here to learn and offer additional resources as we explore additional paths to activism. #BlackLivesMatter</p><p><b>Strategic Goals</b></p><p>Cambridge-Ellis has spent the last several years actively seeking ways to enhance diversity, equity, and inclusion in the early childhood space. We are excited to share that through this work, we have:</p><ul><li>Established an annual budget that will support ongoing work in diversity, equity, and inclusion through professional development for the Board of Directors, faculty, staff, and parents, the development of anti-racist curriculum, data analysis that will inform equity and inclusion strategic planning, and more.&nbsp;</li><li>Moved the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion school committee to a Board committee, with the co-chair serving as one of the Board of Directors and offering insights and accountability to all school decision-makers.&nbsp;</li><li>Hired a full-time staff member to continuously prioritize and help move diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives forward.&nbsp;</li></ul><p>With these new systems in place, we have identified the following goals as crucial for the school community to embrace more diverse, equitable, and inclusive practices:</p><ul><li>Hiring and retaining faculty and staff of color</li><li>Developing and implementing anti-racist curriculum in early childhood settings</li><li>Providing robust professional development offerings for all stakeholders, including the Board of Directors, faculty, staff, and parents</li><li>Using data to inform best practices in admissions and improving climate and culture</li><li>Focusing philanthropic efforts on financial aid fundraising&nbsp;</li></ul><p>In recognition that this work is never finished, we will continue to review and update our strategic goals annually, while creating specific benchmarks to meet by the close of our 2025 Strategic Plan to hold the community accountable for breaking down systems of oppression and supremacy.</p>'
template: generic-page
title: Mission
fieldset: generic_page
id: 8a1cedf3-54d8-4c08-993a-ce12702c1d88
