my_replicator_field:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>Cambridge-Ellis School seeks a balance in age and gender in each of our classrooms and strives to build a community rich in diversity.</p><p><strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>Important&nbsp;Dates for Families Applying&nbsp;to Cambridge-Ellis:</strong><br></p><p><strong>October 1</strong><br>Application Process Begins: Beginning October 1,&nbsp;our online application will be posted and available for prospective families to complete. Additionally, we will begin scheduling tours for prospective families.&nbsp;To schedule a tour, contact us at info@cambridge-ellis.org or by calling 617-354-0014.</p><p><strong>First Saturday in November</strong><br>Open House for Parents applying&nbsp;to CES</p><p><strong>January 8</strong><br>Re-enrollment requests &amp; applications for siblings of current/alumni families are due</p><p><strong>January&nbsp;31</strong><br>New family applications&nbsp;due</p><p><strong>February 8</strong><br>Financial aid applications and documents due</p><p><strong>February 28</strong><br>Re-enrollment/Sibling contracts due</p><p><strong>March 23, 2020</strong><br>New family contracts due</p><p><strong>May 22, 2020</strong><br>Visiting day for all 2020-2021 children</p><p><strong>Parent Tours:</strong><br>Tours are available from&nbsp;October 1 to January 31, annually. During your visit, you will be able to tour the school, observe classrooms and teacher/child interactions, and meet with the associate directors or director.&nbsp;<strong>Tours are for&nbsp;parents/guardians only</strong>—we look forward to meeting admitted children at a special event in the spring or thereafter.&nbsp;It is not mandatory to&nbsp;apply before scheduling a tour.</p><p><strong>Enrollment Notification:</strong><br>Decision letters and contracts are sent out on March 10. A signed contract, accompanied by a deposit, ensures a child’s placement for the fall. When the number of applicants exceeds the number of spaces, wait list notifications will be sent, and families will be called from the wait list as spots become available. Current and alumni families as well as children of staff are given admission priority.</p>'
template: generic-page
title: Timeline
fieldset: generic_page
id: 32fd7a69-3ce9-41de-959b-fdf8584e2a1b
