my_replicator_field:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>Cambridge-Ellis School seeks a balance in development, learning needs, race and ethnicity, age, gender, and more in each of our classrooms, striving to build a community rich in diversity.</p><p><strong>Important&nbsp;Dates for Families Applying&nbsp;to Cambridge-Ellis:</strong></p><p><strong>October 1</strong><br>Application Process Begins: On October 1,&nbsp;our online application will be posted and available for prospective families to complete. Additionally, we will begin scheduling Virtual Tours for prospective families.&nbsp;To schedule a Virtual Tour, please contact our&nbsp;<a href="mailto:chad@cambridge-ellis.org">Admissions Office</a>.</p><p><strong>First Saturday in November</strong><br>Open House for Parents applying&nbsp;to CES</p><p><strong>January 8</strong><br>Re-enrollment requests &amp; applications for siblings of current families due</p><p><strong>January&nbsp;31</strong><br>New family and alumni sibling applications&nbsp;due</p><p><strong>February 8</strong><br>Financial aid applications and documents due</p><p><strong>February 28</strong><br>Re-enrollment/sibling contracts due</p><p><strong>March 23</strong><br>New family and alumni sibling contracts due</p><p><strong>May 28</strong><br>Visiting day for all admitted children and families</p><p><strong>Virtual Tours:</strong><br>Virtual Tours are available from&nbsp;October 1 to January 31, annually. During your Virtual Tour, you will be able to learn more about the school, observe videos of classrooms and teacher/child interactions, and meet with the Enrollment Director.&nbsp;It is not mandatory to&nbsp;apply before scheduling a tour.</p><p><strong>Enrollment Notification:</strong><br>Decision letters and contracts are sent out on March 10. A signed contract, accompanied by an enrollment deposit, ensures a child’s placement for the fall. When the number of applicants exceeds the number of spaces, wait list notifications will be sent, and families will be called from the wait list as spots become available. Current and alumni families as well as children of staff are given admission priority.</p>'
template: generic-page
title: Timeline
fieldset: generic_page
id: 47f71db6-5c85-434b-92d9-1bb7bbb881b7
